In this course, we started with a T-Net
new brand new Web API project, and
evolved it all the way down to using
end entity framework core with
a real database,
complete with unit tests for everything.
We went over HTTP and
how it relates to ASP.NET Core,
how ASP.NET Core processes and uses that
HTTP request to create objects for itself.
We went through, we created our minimal
APIs, we converted them to controllers.
We've talked about the repository pattern,
which is very popular out in the field.
And we talked about entity framework core
and how it really is a good substitute for
the repository pattern.
We also talked about some of the more
advanced features of ASP.Net Core,
like middleware and filters.
We talked about adding logging, and we
talked about auditing entities as well to
add specific properties to
entities at the very end,
in case you wanna track who made
a change to an object, for instance.
We talked a lot about EF Core, we went
really in depth on how EF Core works,
how you construct your Db Context,
how you set up your Db Sets how you run
migrations against real databases in order
to make sure that your database tables
are set up and ready to receive real data.
Finally, we wrapped up by talking
about security and ASP Net Core.
We touched on it at a very high level, but
we talked about a few of the components,
like the authorize attribute that you use
to protect resources within your API.
I wanna thank you all for being here,
you've been a great audience
with great questions.
I really appreciate your
engagement with the material, and
it's been a pleasure to teach for
you today and thank you very much.
>> [APPLAUSE]